# A week at waterstons
## day 1 

On day 1, We worked with intune and virtual machines. We looked at how intune could be used by waterstons in order to set up a vast network for clients and how virtual machines could be used to siumlate this process. To start off with we downloaded a copy of windows 10 and created an account on 365 developer in order to have access to inutne. We then used the various commands on intune to set up our virtual machines such as we toldour virtual machines to downlaod certain apps such as the camera app. We set them upwith various background images and certain privellages and banned certain things. Throughout the day we looked at how inutne can be an extremely useful tool for companies that have 100s of machines with various purposes that have to be connected to a network. We learnt how Waterstons upport this process and administrate the chnaged on intue in order to creat a secure network and a network this is specific for the client and fits their needs. We also discussed how this can be used in schools and in education to make networks safe and controlled.

## day 2

On day 2 we worked with the business side of Waterstons and how they work yo try and get bids from clients and the role that they have. Firstly we sat in their planning meeting and looked at what they did on a week-week basis and the stratergies they use to be as efficient as possible. We then moved on to builidng personas in order to understand clients needs and wishes and trying to build a possible client in order to then build stratergies around this. We then did a student journey where we tracked a student through the stages of applying to university. This starts with looking at where you wnat to go and how  websites such as UCAS ans UNIfrog have sepicifc features to help people. We tracked this through the whole process of applying and univesity. We discussed the utility of apps, emials, chatbots and text messages. Finally, we learnt about how many clients now look at the UN sustainability goals when accessing IT services. We looked at Waterstons case studies and matched the UN sustainability goals to these case studies to show how Waterstons strive to be sustainable.

## day 3

On day 3 we worked with the service desk and got a broad overview of how they work as a team and looked at all the different areas of service manageent and the importance of the various roles that threy have. Firstly, we went through a power poiny explaining how the whole department works. It explained the process of tickets and how to prioritise them bases on serverity into 4 caetgories. Each category related to a time frame in which Waterstons could fix the problem. We then went to work with the backups team who showed us what they do and how they use software to backup software and data that clients have. The backups team then work through a series of problems each day. We then spoke to somoeone on frontline support who had the job of prioritising and categorising each ticket that came in. We then spoke to various people who acctually dealt with the tickets that came in and attempted to fix problems that clients may have. The internal IT team then took us in the server room and showed us round to give us an undertanding on how the systems in Waterstons work and how they all connect togteher. They told us about their role and what they do on a day-day basis.